README.md, before:

# HesaiLidar_Swift_SDK
## About the project
This repository includes the software development kit for Pandar LiDAR sensor manufactured by Hesai Technology. Branches are included for different systems and UDP protocol versions:
* master: The software development kit for Ubuntu 18.04 supports Hesai lidar with UDP protocol v1.3 and v1.4
* ubuntu16.04: The software development kit for Ubuntu 16.04 supports Hesai lidar with UDP protocol v1.3 and v1.4 

LiDAR sensor manufactured by Hesai Technology.
## Environment and Dependencies
**G++ version requirement:G++ 7.0 or above**
**System environment requirement: Linux + G++ 7.0 or above**
**Library Dependencies: libpcl-dev + libpcap-dev + libyaml-cpp-dev + libboost-dev**
```
$ sudo apt install libpcl-dev libpcap-dev libyaml-cpp-dev libboost-dev
```

## Clone
```
$ git clone https://github.com/HesaiTechnology/HesaiLidar_Swift_SDK.git
```

## Build
```
1.$ cd HesaiLidar_Swift_SDK
2.$ mkdir build
3.$ cd build
4.$ cmake ..
5.$ make
```

## Add to your project
### Cmake
```
add_subdirectory(<path_to>HesaiLidar_Swift_SDK)

include_directories(
	<path_to>HesaiLidar_Swift_SDK/include
	<path_to>HesaiLidar_Swift_SDK/src
)

target_link_libraries(<Your project>
  PandarSwiftSDK
)
```

## Run

Set the parameters of class PandarSwiftSDK in test.cc
```
// for Pandar128
PandarSwiftSDK(std::string("192.168.1.201"), 2368, 10110, std::string("Pandar128"), \
                                std::string("../params/correction.csv"), \
                                std::string(""), \
                                std::string(""), \
                                lidarCallback, rawcallback, gpsCallback, \
                                std::string(""), \
                                std::string(""), \
                                std::string(""), \
                                0, 0, std::string("both_point_raw")));

```
Parameter description
```
        deviceipaddr  	  The ip of the device
        lidarport 	      The port number of lidar data
        gpsport           The port number of gps data
        frameid           The id of the point cloud data published to ROS
        correctionfile    The correction file path
        firtimeflie       The firtime flie path
        pcapfile          The pcap flie path
        pclcallback       The callback of PCL data structure
        rawcallback       The callback of raw data structure
        gpscallback       The callback of GPS structure
        certFile          The path of the user's certificate
        privateKeyFile    The path of the user's private key
        caFile            The path of the root certificate
        start_angle       The start angle of every point cloud should be <real angle> * 100.
        timezone          The timezone of local
        publishmode       The mode of publish
        datatype          The model of input data

```
Set the pcap flie path only when you what to read a pcap
```
$ make 
$ ./PandarSwiftTest
```

Commit message:

support Pandar AT128 first time

README.md, after:

# HesaiLidar_Swift_SDK
## About the project
This repository includes the software development kit for Pandar LiDAR sensor manufactured by Hesai Technology. Branches are included for different systems and UDP protocol versions:
* master: The software development kit for Ubuntu 18.04 supports Hesai lidar with UDP protocol v1.3 and v1.4
* ubuntu16.04: The software development kit for Ubuntu 16.04 supports Hesai lidar with UDP protocol v1.3 and v1.4 
* UDP4.1: The software development kit for Ubuntu 18.04 and Ubuntu 16.04 supports Hesai lidar with UDP protocol v4.1 

LiDAR sensor manufactured by Hesai Technology.
## Environment and Dependencies
**G++ version requirement:G++ 7.0 or above**
**System environment requirement: Linux + G++ 7.0 or above**
**Library Dependencies: libpcl-dev + libpcap-dev + libyaml-cpp-dev + libboost-dev**
```
$ sudo apt install libpcl-dev libpcap-dev libyaml-cpp-dev libboost-dev
```

## Clone
```
$ git clone https://github.com/HesaiTechnology/HesaiLidar_Swift_SDK.git
```

## Build
```
1.$ cd HesaiLidar_Swift_SDK
2.$ mkdir build
3.$ cd build
4.$ cmake ..
5.$ make
```

## Add to your project
### Cmake
```
add_subdirectory(<path_to>HesaiLidar_Swift_SDK)

include_directories(
	<path_to>HesaiLidar_Swift_SDK/include
	<path_to>HesaiLidar_Swift_SDK/src
)

target_link_libraries(<Your project>
  PandarSwiftSDK
)
```

## Run

Set the parameters of class PandarSwiftSDK in test.cc
```
// for PandarAT128
PandarSwiftSDK(std::string("192.168.1.201"), 2368, 10110, std::string("PandarAT128"), \
                                std::string("../params/correction.csv"), \
                                std::string(""), \
                                std::string(""), \
                                lidarCallback, rawcallback, gpsCallback, \
                                std::string(""), \
                                std::string(""), \
                                std::string(""), \
                                0, 0, 1, std::string("both_point_raw")));

```
Parameter description
```
        deviceIpaddr  	  The ip of the device
        lidarPort 	      The port number of lidar data
        gpsPort           The port number of gps data
        frameId           The id of the point cloud data published to ROS
        correctionFile    The correction file path
        firtimeFlie       The firtime flie path
        pcapFile          The pcap flie path
        pclCallback       The callback of PCL data structure
        rawCallback       The callback of raw data structure
        gpsCallback       The callback of GPS structure
        certFile          The path of the user's certificate
        privateKeyFile    The path of the user's private key
        caFile            The path of the root certificate
        startAngle        The start angle of every point cloud should be <real angle> * 100.
        timeZone          The timezone of local
        viewMode          The different way to parser and  show the point cloud
        publishMode       The mode of publish
        dataType          The model of input data

```
Set the pcap flie path only when you what to read a pcap
```
$ make 
$ ./PandarSwiftTest
```
